Yo, you still know me
That's fine.
Your man owes me 1 million
He's dead and now you have to pay it back
Good idea.
debt repayment
kill for life
I'll pay you back.
you
Give back my daughter's life
How dare you touch my son?
Ah, I remember now.
You are the mother of that little slut Li Yan, right?
Hahaha, I'll kill you.
Yo, it's still hurt.
I remember that daughter of yours.
Good-looking
Good figure
The most important thing is to sound good
It's just that his mother is too ignorant of praise
I gave him the thing I was most reluctant to use. A few people
And he said he wanted to call the police.
Do you think he deserves to die?
Damn you
Bah, just a bitch
Dead is dead
Are you so angry?
Does Autonavi know?
The head of the Gao family, one of the three major families in Jiang Province
That's my husband!
My son's father
Get to know each other and don't ask for trouble
Don't worry, my Gao family has money
Tell me, how much is your daughter worth?
300,000 still 500,000?
You can deduct the 1 million your family owes me, hahaha
1 million
I'll pay you back in pennies.
You save your life too
I will pick it up by hand
Let you pay for my daughter's life